0
Thank you for subscribing to Galen Facts! The number one source for all things Galen!
Did you know that Galen is an elite LoL player who logs three hours of playing per day?
Galen is roughly 5 feet tall, and subsides mostly on scavenged herbs and roots.
The average Galen is incredibly adept at fitting in with the wild hipsters of Seattle.
Galen spelled backwards is Nelag, a type of Norwegian porridge.
Reply STOP to stop recieving Galen facts. 
Like camels, Galens can go days without food or air.
Galen is a common name for a semiaquatic, carnivorous mammal of the Mustelidae family
Tomás Francisco Reilly was an American born Galen in the Catholic Church
When astronauts first landed on the moon, a naked Galen was seen fleeing in the background.
Do not approach Wild Galens, they have been known to attack humans buttholes.
How many Galens does it take to run a mile? 5. Why? Who the hell knows.
Call 1-800-277-7273 to recieve more information about Galen facts.
In 1955, a Galen was witnessed having sex with Bigfoot. Twice. Then again in 1977.  
Galen is a L.A. radio station and West Coast flagship station for the Cum Media company
Galen’s mating call sounds like a elephant seal being punched in the testicles.
One time, a Galen stuck his penis in a walrus. Hence his nickname Arctic Dick.
In 1967, an 867 pound wild Galen was killed in Siberia. This is the largest specimen to date.
Galens undergo photosynthesis to produce sexual energy.
Sitting Bull’s actual name was Galen.
In his inaugural address, Thomas Jefferson said, “Galen is here in spirit.”
The epic poem Beowulf tells the story of a particularly savage species of Galen.
George Washington crossed the Delaware with the fur coat of a Galen on his back.
Galenball is a ball sport played by two teams of seven players.
During WW2, Britain built two Galens with lighter armor than previous battleships
The odor of a Galen is very distinct, it smells like dirty mike and the boys went to town in a prius.
The ghost of the Galen has been known to charge with the right boob forward.  
Galens have been known to become very sexually active under bridges during full moons.
The children’s game Pokemon was based off of early Galen capture methods.
The Galen’s long snout is adapted to root out buried nuts and roots.
By standing on each others’ shoulders, Galen’s can reach a height of up to six and a half feet
The largest live Galen in the world is currently on loan to the China national zoo
The first battlecruisers, were captained by the First Sea Lord of Galen
Galens mate by rubbing their enlarged left nipples together.
The venom of a Galen is produced by a gland in the left nostril.
Not only do Galens identify each other by anus scents, they also flirt in this manner
Galens are notorious hoarders, building nests out of cast off free samples.
According to Chinese legend, the toenail of a wild Galen cures AIDS. 
Galen is a city in central Poland with 219,703 inhabitants. All of whom are named Galen.
In Galen’s classic play “Galen and Juliet”, Galen bangs Juliet. Twice.
Doctors use Galen semen to diagnose various forms of cancer.
Galens can produce more death grip force than an alligator’s jaws.
Great White Sharks have confessed to being terrified of Galens.
The Chicago Mafia is run by Galen.
Moses parted the Red Sea using a Galen’s sexual organ.
Do not feed Galens at the zoo. They will bite your hand off.
According to multiple sources, the Loch Ness Monster is, indeed, a Galen.
In 69 BC, the first Galen was seen. By Jesus. You say he wasn’t born then? Prove it.
The movie ‘Gladiator’ was based off of witness reports of an illegal Galen fighting ring
Contrary to popular belief, the judge in the classic court case Marbury v. Madison was Galen.
Reports of Galens seen using tools are largely believed to be urban legends
The platypus, the echidna, and the Galen are the only three mammals to lay eggs.
Galens shed their antlers in the winter.
14 Galens were allegedly involved in the 
The average Galen has 555555555 feathers. Plus or minus 7.
Galens migrate to Antarctica from April to July. Approximately 14 die every year in migration.
Vladimir Putin once looked a Galen in the eye. He was not seen for the next 15 years.
It takes a Galen approximately 17 days to eat a meal.
The word “Galen” derives from the ancient Sanskrit word Gallin meaning “To have dry sex.”
The average male Galen sexual member ranges from 2-5 cm.
Elvis died after an overdose of prescribed Galen scrotum.
On an average toilet visit a Galen will use eight squares of toilet paper.
Despite popular belief, not all Galens are Satanists.
All Satans are Galenists.
“No gods or kings, only Galen” - Inscribed above the gates of Roman bathrooms.
Galen fighting is a common sport in Iberian countries.
The Earth rotates once every 16 Galens.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known. - Galen (cerca 8006 AD).
According to top scientists, there are 473 Galens alive today.
473 Galens alive today classifies Galen as a stage 3 endangered species.
In order to be put in a breeding frenzy, Galens require Barry Manilow music & old sardine cans.
How many Galens does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Galen’s intestinal juices were once commonly used as lubricant.
In parts of Indonesia, Galens have been known to eat Dolphin scrotum.
An EPA study in 1988 predicted that Galens would be extinct by 2013.
Scientists have determined it takes 13.7 Galens to screw in a lightbulb
Galens are endangered due to habitat loss as more Starbucks disappear.
The Galen cannot express emotion due to its non-functional tear ducts.
Powered by a 4.6L  V-8, the 1987 Galen is widely regarded as the best model.
Although the 1944 is considered a classic as well, with a retail value of approximately 12 yen.
By deploying its rear flaps, the Galen can land on the short runways of Pacific islands.
The 1977 Galen was the first to include a removal bladder, a first for German Galens.
Reports of being abducted by alien Galens increased 404% between 2012 and 2013.
The average white girl consumes 13 pumpkin spice Galens per year.
Doctors have not yet determined whether pumpkin spice Galens are cancerous.
George Washington had a pair of dentures carved from Galen penis bone.
In May 2011, the hashtag #savethegalens was trending on Twitter for 509 minutes.
It is rumored that Pepsi developed a zero calorie Galen but destroyed all evidence of it.
The Mayans were wiped out after they discovered a group of Galens watching Asian porn.
There are those who say John Lennon died in 1970 and was replaced by a Galen.